Task Name: Walk Challenge – Perfect Circle Drawing
Create a fully working offline task for the “Walk” challenge card.
Flow:
User taps on the Walk card.
A full-screen black screen opens.
A small pencil icon appears.
When the user touches and moves finger on the screen:
The pencil icon follows the finger in real-time.
A white stroke is drawn following the finger path.
When the user lifts the finger:
The system calculates how perfect the drawn circle is (0% to 100%).
A glassy / liquid / rubbery floating percentage number appears on the screen with bouncy animation.
The number comes from a random side (left or right), stays for 1.5–2 seconds, then disappears with a soft exit animation.
Scoring Logic (Very Important):
Calculate circle perfection percentage using this method:
Find the center point of the drawn path.
Calculate average radius.
Check how much each point deviates from the perfect circle.
Also check if the start and end points are close (circle is closed).
Final score = combination of roundness + closed shape.
Success Threshold = 75
If score ≥ 75 → Success
If score < 75 → Fail
The threshold value must be stored in a single constant so it can be changed later easily:
const CIRCLE_SUCCESS_THRESHOLD = 75;
Result Behavior:
If score ≥ 75 (Success):
Floating number appears in bright green color
Show success feedback (haptic + small success indicator)
Mark the Walk task as completed
Automatically trigger the existing system that decides which screen to open next (do not hardcode next screen)
If score < 75 (Fail):
Floating number appears in blue color
Show “Try Again” text
Clear the drawn path
Let the user draw again
Floating Number Design:
Glassy / liquid / fluid style
Rubbery, bouncy, cute animation
Slight scale + spring movement
Appears from random horizontal side
Stays visible for 1.5–2 seconds then fades/slides out
Technical Requirements:
Fully offline (no internet)
Use react-native-gesture-handler + react-native-svg or @shopify/react-native-skia
Smooth 60fps drawing
Pencil icon must follow finger perfectly
Clean and bug-free implementation
Deliverables:
Complete working screen for this task
Circle scoring function (accurate)
Floating percentage animation component
Success / Fail handling with the 75% threshold
Easy-to-change threshold constant
Make the circle detection accurate and the overall experience smooth and polished.